Tomorrow's finally...
...the school festival!
The gym's closing soon!
Let's do a final check and one last run-through!
Here we go!
Tap, tap, two! Tap, tap, two!
Up!
Then, Aoyama, center.
Midoriya, run offstage.
--Oui.
--Roger!
Midoriya! Your movements
are still too half-hearted.
Focus your attention on the moves!
Roger!
Before we started,
I was worried we'd seem amateurish,
but the band and dance teams are
both better than amateur level, huh?
Ashido is an unexpectedly mean coach, too.
Yeah.
Because she likes dancing,
she can be really serious about it, huh?
Let's kill everyone in U.A. with our sound!
The band team weren't the only ones
who got stirred up by those words.
I am getting nervous.
Don't improvise weird stuff
during the actual performance.
It'll confuse some people.
Those words hurt!
Kaminari, it's not just you.
And then Midoriya, go straight
to the ceiling from the wings
and set Aoyama up,
pulling him up with the rope.
That's it, that looks good!
It's already! Nine o'clock!
Students should only be here till nine!
Shoot, let's go home.
And with this,
after we go to sleep and wake up again,
the school festival will start at 9 a.m.
"Minoru Mineta - Quirk: Pop Off"
"Denki Kaminari - Quirk: Electrification"
Woo, I can't sleep!
I'm at max excitement!
"Mina Ashido - Quirk: Acid"
"Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine"
"Kyoka Jiro - Quirk: Earphone Jack"
Quiet down! Some people are sleeping!
I wonder if everyone will get excited with us...
It's better to not think about stuff like that.
Getting embarrassed or nervous is the worst.
Once you get on stage,
all that's left is to have fun!
You were super embarrassed, though!
After being told all that...
...to not do it...
...wouldn't be rockin' at all, would it?
That was different.
"Yuga Aoyama - Quirk: Navel Laser"
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
What Jiro said works for a lot of things, huh?
Oui.
When you think of others,
it ends up helping you, too.
I see.
The rope's frayed.
Wow! We did abuse it
quite a bit during practice.
It's proof of our friendship!
Yeah... Wait, no, it's dangerous.
Sorry I didn't realize...
Oh my, why don't you ask
Yaoyorozu to make you one?
Yao-momo's already sleeping!
Don't treat her like a handy tool!
But people use me as a charger.
This is what it means to look down on men.
I'll go buy new rope
first thing tomorrow morning.
I'm the one who didn't realize it was frayed.
I've got morning practice anyway,
and there are some
other things I want to buy, too.
Wait, but the performance
starts at ten tomorrow.
Most stores don't open till nine, right?
There's a hardware store
about 15 minutes from U.A.
That place opens at 8 a.m.
That's cutting it pretty close.
Now, I really should be getting to sleep.
Yes.
"Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening"
Well, then, we'll probably
do this again tomorrow, but--
Night owls! We're a little early, but...
...let's definitely make this a success!
Yeah!
"Deku vs. Gentle Criminal"
And then, on the day
of the school festival...
"Pro Hero - All Might - Quirk: One For All"
Continuous Full Cowling at 8%...
...and then switch to 20%
just at the moment of impact.
"Mei Hatsume - Quirk: Zoom"
I knew you'd be here, Midoriya!
Hatsume, you're so dirty!
It's the dark circles and grime.
I thought you'd be here
even on the day of the festival.
I got the items you asked for to work,
so I came to give them to you.
Wow, they're so cool!
Thanks! You could've waited
until after the school festival, though.
When it's over, I'm going to sleep for 36 hours!
Can I take a look?
Sure, here.
...even an item made for
20-30% of my power was bulky.
They can be made so compact now!
I also made sure the design went
with the rest of your costume!
A good designer can
satisfy the client in one go!
I'm so happy. Thanks so much!
With this, I can do what
I've been wanting to do.
Here's the manual! See ya!
Thanks, Hatsume!
Let's hurry up and test this.
Yes, sir!
Oh, shoot!
It took time to get used to it,
so I ended up practicing
until I was almost out of time!
I thought they'd sell it
at the convenience store,
but I guess there are places
that don't have it, too...
I've used up a lot of time. I need to hurry!
I was able to buy the rope, too.
I need to get back soon.
--Whoops!
--Wha--
Excuse me!
Please be careful.
You were about to ruin the
aftertaste of the Gold Tips Imperial.
Th-That surprised me...!
"Villain - Gentle Criminal"
Oh, dear!
I can't believe I just did that!
I must avoid contact
with others as much as possible!
Come, let us go, L--Honey...
Honey?!
Yes, I'm Honey!
Gold Tips...
Oh, Yaoyorozu made some for us...
Oh? That house--
Is it a café or something?
You can't tell.
Gentle?!
If you did not know what Gold Tips Imperial was,
then you would not have thought that...
Are you... someone who understands?
It's wonderful, even though you're so young!
Um... I don't know that much...
I just know because
my friend made some for us...
I feel like I've heard this voice before.
Oh-ho, you have such a high-class friend...
A high-class friend?!
An elite school...!
You have... a good friend...
Oh, no.
Yes, I've been blessed...
Wait a minute.
That is a wonderful thing.
This child is from U.A....!
This voice... Tea...!
She said it's an elusive tea that's hard to get.
Really?
Thanks, Yaoyorozu!
Before and after a job,
I always choose the brand
based on the size of the job.
In the next video I put out,
an alarm will sound, not just to
my dear listeners, but to all of society.
Now, if you will excuse me--
No way...
I got excited by the tea...
I can't believe I did that!
Before he realizes...
Please wait.
Is this like a ritual for you?
"Villain - La Brava"
Don't blame yourself, Gentle!
It couldn't be helped!
But...
...it's too late.
And if the alarm sounds,
even if it's a false alarm,
we had to agree to cancel it and
evacuate, otherwise we can't have it.
Ritual? What are you talking about?
I saw your video.
Just...
La Brava, start filming.
...stop it already.
"Schooent!"
...there are a lot of different
people working hard,
so I wonder how it'll turn out...
Please, stop...
Don't make a move on my school!
"Tenya Iida"
"Quirk: Engine"
"He can run very fast using the engines in his calves."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 8/22"
"Height: 179 cm" "Blood Type: A" "Likes: Beef Stew"
"Momo Yaoyorozu"
"Quirk: Creation"
"She can create any non-living thing from her body."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 9/23"
"Height: 173 cm" "Blood Type: A" "Likes: Reading"
Don't make a move on my school!
You're a very perceptive boy.
I think this boy is...
Saturday morning, no people around...!
There are almost no hero agencies near U.A.
I can't expect any backup...!
I should ask someone
at the store to call the police--
No...!
La Brava, there's a been a change of plan.
From this moment on, no matter
what happens, don't stop the camera!
Of course, Gentle!
But, but! Are you going to fight? Here?
Do you think that's a good idea?
Dear listeners! The grand adventure of
a man of extraordinary talent is starting.
Don't be so dazzled you look away--
I am the gentleman thief
who will save the world,
Gentle Criminal!
My plans have shifted.
In this current predicament, I'll keep it brief.
This time...
I tried going into U.A.!
That's so unsophisticated!
I won't let you do that!
I put this up as I took off my overcoat!
If you've watched my videos,
then you should already know...
My Quirk is Elasticity.
I bestow elasticity to the things I touch.
Even if it's air...!
Gently Rebound!
I don't like resolving things through violence.
You're acting so violent
it's almost nasty, Gentle.
I am also in the midst of surprise
and confusion right now, La Brava.
That is, this speed and power is startling
and unexpected from his appearance.
I'm sorry, young man! I will overcome!
If you're going to apologize,
then don't attack my school!
That is not something I can do!
Gently...
...Trampoline!
When I was a student, I, too,
worked hard to put on events.
I'm sure you have feelings invested in this, too,
but they can't win against
my mustache and my soul!
This scheme is a big step toward
my becoming a legend.
Please don't get in my way!
Farewell, glimmer of youth!
Gentle, I remember now!
That boy is Izuku Midoriya!
He broke his arms as
he fought in the sports festival.
He's a crazy boy!
Insanity! I'd better not get involved!
Before he finishes warming up,
we will carry out the plan!
Dear listeners!
"I tried going into U.A." will now switch
to being a race against the clock!
"Mirio Togata - Quirk: Permeation"
Sorry, our break's almost over, so I'm heading off.
Okay! Just so you know,
I'm looking forward to it, too!
"Eri"
Deku, you're leaving already?
Sorry, I have to practice.
On the day of, once Midoriya's done,
the three of us can walk around together!
Deku... Lemillion...
I'm getting excited.
I'm sure you have feelings invested in this, too,
but they can't win against
my mustache and my soul!
Midoriya, you sometimes write
a lot all at once in your notebook,
but what's it look like in there?
Is there a hero you want to know more about, Jiro?
No, I wanted to see how
you organized your notes--
I want to make it easier
to see important points in my notes,
but there's too much to write,
so I can't organize them.
Advice for the band members?!
You wrote all this?
Wow!
This makes me happy!
I hope the others feel the same.
You know, since I thought people
would think it was a useless hobby...
I kind of got over enthusiastic
and wrote too much.
"Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion"
Tokoyami!
I told you to make your notes
more distinct, bird head!
You think you can destroy U.A.'s ears
with those damn weak riffs?
Huh?
"Fumikage Tokoyami - Quirk: Dark Shadow"
What does that mean?
Tokoyama, it's in lesson 3.
"Advice!!
For Tokoyami"
Gentle Criminal!
I have to stop him!
It's still hard for you to shoot
consecutively or while you're moving, huh?
I need to land.
Calm down! I'll mess up if I panic.
I have to stop him.
I need to land... Both are...
No! Midoriya, how many times
do I have to tell you?
As you move,
focus your attention for an instant!
You want to be able to direct wind pressure?
Yeah.
For example, in an urban area,
it'd destroy a lot of surrounding structures...
It's better if I have more options...
...of course!
Delaware Smash...
Air Force!
A... An air cannon?!
All right!
But it's not good enough to stop me!
I...! Will not...! Be discouraged!
We're all invested in this!
My apologies then!
Gentle!
I smell trouble...
Don't worry about it, Mister!
We are just filming something here!
Do you think you can tell your neighbors?
A trick like this will barely buy us any time!
Gentle!
It's hard, but the plan is already in tatters!
You should retreat--
Thank you, Hatsume!
I see. Currently, it shoots
forward across a wide range, right?
I'm not sure how much it'll help,
but with one of my babies,
you should be able to fire them like shots!
You've been practicing finger flicks,
but someday, with your iron soles,
it can strengthen your Shoot Style!
That's it! You did it!
Thank you, Ashido!
This was thanks to my extra dance practice!
Where is he?
This is certainly...
...an unexpected situation.
However, I will not lose my composure!
How can you still be like that?!
I will definitely make my plan succeed!
I have the resolve to do it!
A gentleman does not lose his composure.
Resolve...
He's showing no sign of giving up...
--That's right! I am Gentle Criminal!
--You're no gentleman!
You're planning to do something to U.A., right?
What are you planning?
What am I planning?
What channel? When'll it be on?
Please, don't lump me with those people
from the League of Villains.
Gentle! My beloved Gentle!
I am not trying to kidnap or stab anyone.
All I want is to sneak into
your school festival. That's all.
Please!
Don't lose!
Let me go, young man.
He's pleading for his life!
You know that we're
on emergency alert, don't you?!
Even before you sneak in,
if someone like you is found,
the alarm will sound!
The school festival will be cancelled,
and you'll have nowhere to run!
Just give up!
Oh-ho, in that case, it'll be fine.
My partner has devised a way
to disable the alarm sensors.
It won't be cancelled.
Our plan can succeed.
It's a win-win situation!
That's an even bigger problem!
That's true.
His argument's being refuted!
But yes, that is my plan!
Before it becomes too troublesome,
I would like to continue on my way.
I've already called the police!
I'll keep you here until they
and the heroes arrive!
Please, give up with this bluff!
We'll never agree.
While the aftertaste of the tea remains,
I'll have you go to sleep, U.A. student!
Predict the opponent's movements, and...
I can't...
...predict them!
What's going on?
Over there, he...
If they're air bullets,
then I'll return them with air membranes.
Gentle, it's sad, but you should retreat--
No, La Brava.
Not yet.
I need to catch him!
Whoops!
You must listen to what I say.
I cannot cancel the effects of
my Quirk of my own volition.
Things return to their original state gradually.
Steel beams regaining their firmness
while still keeping some unnatural bounce--
And the one I'm standing on
with all its bolts removed.
At this rate, the steel beam will fall.
It is quite dangerous.
Looks like something shaking.
You are a student of U.A.
There's no way...
...you can ignore a steel beam falling.
You were trying to drop it on the person below?!
No. I just wanted to pull you in.
I was always planning on
making it bounce back so it wouldn't fall.
Scary, scary.
This must be the climax scene!
I thought you'd head toward the bottom,
but I see you really do have
frightening speed and power.
It pains me to say this,
but please stay there and bear it patiently.
I'm sure someone will notice
by the time I finish filming.
Grab on, La Brava.
That's harsh, Gentle! Playing dirty!
My partner has devised a way
to disable the alarm sensors.
I'll sneak into the school festival.
No, don't let him go!
It's almost time!
I'm getting nervous!
"Momo Yaoyorozu - Quirk: Creation"
"nervous"  "nervous"
Clear and serene...
Calm down, Kaminari.
"nervous"  "nervous"
"nervous"
Clear and serene...
Anyway, Bakugo, put on your T-shirt.
Since we had them made and all.
The dance outfits are perfect, too!
We just modified some
ready-made clothes, though.
"Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity"
It's gotten pretty wrinkled.
Doesn't matter, as long as it's sexy!
"Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot"
Midoriya's not here.
He went to go buy rope.
It's so late, though. What's he still doing?
That's true.
Our plans have changed, La Brava,
but if they're on their guard
and I still manage to sneak in,
then I will become even more well-known!
As a man who accomplished a great feat!
He's tenacious!
Neither you nor that boy will give up, huh?
Let's use it--
My Quirk.
"69 minutes until the performance"
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
The instant Gentle Criminal sneaks into U.A.,
the school festival will be cancelled.
For everyone's sake, and for Eri,
I need to stop him!
It's time to use that, Izuku Midoriya.
What you learned from training with All Might--
Next time, "School Festival Start!!"
The Love of Gentle's partner,
La Brava, won't stop!
Go beyond!
"Next time: School Festival Start!!"
Plus Ultra!